# product_search_service_demo

This project is based on the description of [here](other%20resources/projectDescription.txt). I try my best (with my knowledge at current moment) to write a clean code. You can deploy it by [these envs](other%20resources/env).

I used to use google for sending email but as they disable logging-in with third party tools (not secure ones), I had to find a substitute. In my searching, I found "fakeSMTP-2.0" which can be used if you wish to run the project without docker. Don't forget to give his [repo](https://github.com/Nilhcem/FakeSMTP) an star.

## What is this project?

In few words, this project is a backend side of a product search engine, which used JWT for authorization. It consists of related models, serializers, filters, permissions. It has endpoints for  getting and refreshing token, creating and updating products and carts. This project is integrated with celery. Pytest has been used for testing different layer of this project. The documentation of APIs is autogenerated by swagger. For simplicity and having just one repo, I was forced to integrate backend codes with developments but as I will explain later, it may not be good approach for real projects.

## Possible QAs

* Why you change project structure and define models in api app?
    * I think if we want to create other versions of apis, dividing them into different versions, is easier in this way (As you can see in the documents generated by swagger).
    * We don't have lots of model in this project and I think separating models into different models is useful when we would have lots of models or we want to create templates for our models.

* Why somewhere in project, there is different approaches for a same task?
    * In this project, there are some parts which I think it would be easier/better to do so (for example using imagekit for creating thumbnail or using celery for background task) but for fulfilling all projects requirements, I do as there was said but I write my own way too.

* Why in some of the commits you do multiple things with just a commit?
    * You are right, this is not good way of committing and make messages of each commit more longer. As here one of my main concern was finishing the project in fewer days and checking it functionality, I ignore this requirements but you should know that I will not do so in real projects.

* Is this a complete project?
    * As you know, it's super hard to raise a finish flag for a project in SDLC because there always will be new requirements, but as I said before, I try my best to fullfil project's requirements and avoid some basic security issues in the few days that I had.
    * I should admit there will be lots of things to do in order to take this platform into production stage like, using Gunicorn and Nginx, delete unnecessary services and codes, handling different kind of bad inputs, separating development codes from platform itself and fixing other bugs that shows them later in the platform's life cycle. But the good news is that this project can be used as a boilerplate for other incoming projects (I will do it myself :D).
